OCPBUG 12211:Added a note that tells using graph:true also enables mirroring of ubi image (#69373)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oc-mirror-creating-image-set-config.adoc

<9> Specify any additional images to include in image set.
+
See _Image set configuration parameters_ for the full list of parameters and _Image set configuration examples_ for various mirroring use cases.
+
[NOTE]
====

> The `graph: true` field also generates the `ubi` image along with other mirrored images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `graph: true` field also mirrors the `ubi-micro` image along with other mirrored images.
```

Author: Let me change it right away.

> +
> [NOTE]
> ====
> The `graph: true` field also generates the `ubi` image along with other mirrored images.
> ====

Reviewer: Is it at all possible to insert this note into the `<5>` (L64)?
Just a suggestion:
```suggestion
+
<5> Add `graph: true` to build and push the graph-data image to the mirror registry. The graph-data image is required to create OpenShift Update Service (OSUS). The image is based on `ubi-micro`. The `graph: true` field mirrors both the graph-data image and the `ubi-micro` image. It  also generates the `UpdateService` custom resource manifest. The `oc` command-line interface (CLI) can use the `UpdateService` custom resource manifest to create OSUS. For more information, see _About the OpenShift Update Service_.
```

Author: Yeah, I can move the note up.
